Yoga
Yoga is our most commonly requested group fitness class, and most people are already familiar with the concept of what Yoga is about.
 This type of exercise has nearly a dozen variations of its own, with the most popular styles including Hot Yoga, to Vinyasa 
Flow and Gentle Yoga. The exercise itself consists of deliberate, concentrated movements and postures designed to promote flexibility, 
tone and strengthen muscles and align the body. Most often, breathing techniques are also encompassed along with the movements, 
allowing participants a relaxing experience coinciding with the movement. The end of the class typically ends in a ‘Savasana’ or
 meditative pose on the back to conclude the practice. This class is ideal for someone looking for a relaxing, quiet routine that helps 
them release the day, while building muscle tone and flexibility.

Full Body Fusion
A Full Body Fusion class is a hybrid mix designed to torch calories, tone physique and emphasizes variety in the movements each week, 
so it’s never the same. If you’ve ever heard of the Barre style workout, which focuses on development and strength of the lower body
 through ballet inspired movement, a Full Body Fusion class combines these techniques with some of the more intense movements you 
would also see in a Bootcamp-style class. There is a healthy mix of strength-training paired with cardio and pilates. 
This class is ideal for someone interested in a workout that is a little more dynamic compared to Yoga and offers 
the best of both worlds – flexibility and toning movements, as well as strength building.

Aerobic
Aerobics can be a really fun way to engage muscle endurance and strength in a low-impact setting. 
This aerobic style class usually involves light dumbbells and movements designed to get your heart pumping at a steady, 
consistent pace. Because of the lower intensity, classes are most effective in about an hour length time span. Normally, 
when you attend this type of class, you can expect a warm-up, a period of cardio, some strength-training with smaller weights
 and a cool-down period. This workout is ideal for anyone who is looking for a steady, sometimes longer, low-impact routine that is fun 
and unconventional from standard routines.

Cycling
A cycling class is great cardio workout that relies on a fitness center cycling machine, usually in a room designated for this type of 
fitness class. Often times, the class includes fast-paced upbeat tracks to help build the heart rate at different intervals over the 
course of the workout with alternating periods of sitting and standing, as well as adjusting the intensity or “grade” of the bike. 
Classes average around 45 minutes in length, and it’s a great idea to bring a towel and water bottle with you to this class – 
you’re going to need both!
When using the cycle machines for the first time, it’s really crucial to make sure you properly adjust the height of your seat and 
your bike handles to your own personal setting, and consult your instructor to make sure you have done this correctly and 
locked each piece into place for proper machine safety and reduction in the risk of improper knee mechanics.

Zumba
There is no doubt in the fact that Zumba takes working out and converts it to something fun and upbeat that doesn’t feel
like working out! A Zumba class offers a series of energetic dance routines that provide a great cardio workout by mixing low 
intensity and high intensity moves for an interval-style, calorie burning, dance fitness party! The biggest key to joining a Zumba class
 is to not be worried about your dance moves, because everyone else is on the same boat! Anyone who loves to dance and is looking for a fun
 routine that disguises traditional, mundane workouts into fun and engaging dance would enjoy this type of group fitness class.
